We saw how we can deploy to Android.
Now what about ISIS.
Well first of all in your X code project you should make sure you have a provisioning profile here chosen.
And now you also need an apple developer account where you pay for it.
So you need a paid Apple Developer account because only paying Apple developers can publish apps to
the App Store.
That is how it is.
So make sure to log into your Apple Developer account and get such a paid account.
If you don't have one yet.
Once you have this and you are locked in you can start setting everything up to deploy your app for
that first of all.
Go to certificates I.D. and profiles and there.
Go to app I.D. and add a new app I.D. Now give it any description you want like pair BNP and assign
an explicit app I.D. here which should simply be that app I.D. you are using here as a bundle identifier
as well.
So let's add that here check any extra services you might be using we are not using any of these services
and click continue and register now with that app I.D. registered we completed the first step.
The next step is that we create the app itself here on this apple back and you could say for that you
need to go to the App Store connect section in your apple developer account go to app store connect
and here on the top click on users and access and go to my apps there on my apps page click on that
plus here to create a new app and there again select your name which is then also the name being used
everywhere.
Choose your platform which should be IOW your primary language.
Which for me is English choose your identifier and it can take a few seconds before you see the one
you just created.
Here so we'll check back later
if it's not there you were here for the first time as it was for me.
So now I added everything here and selected my identifier here.
You can gift is your own identifier that shows up on your payment statements and so on so you can add
whatever you want here and then click Create once you're happy.
This creates your own app here on App Store connect.
And just as on the google play console here you can fill out everything that will be seen in the Apple
App Store.
So make sure to thoroughly fill this out.
Now let's go back to X killer because it's here where we will deploy this app and here stop you are
currently running app on the emulator then I'll choose generic IOW device as a target here in this dropdown
and then go to product archive here.
This will now bundle your app for deployment.
Judy Apple App Store Wednesday's finishes.
Is ex code organizer your should open up and there you see your archives.
Now I created to here you probably only see one and then you can click distribute the app to upload
that to the App Store and then finally release it there from inside app iTunes Connect.
This is how you deploy your ISF.